# Base ai_will_do values for slavery related interactions
carnx_enslave_ai_will_do_base = 10		# slightly willing to enslave
carnx_free_slave_ai_will_do_base = 0	# neutral to free
carnx_seize_slave_ai_will_do_base = 25	# quite willing to seize
carnx_ransom_slave_ai_will_do_base = 25 # quite willing to ransom
carnx_gift_slave_ai_will_do_base = 25   # quite willing to gift

# AI impact values (base is -50 / 50)
carnx_ai_positive_skill_impact_value = 5
carnx_ai_negative_skill_impact_value = -5
carnx_ai_positive_prowess_impact_value = 3
carnx_ai_negative_prowess_impact_value = -3
carnx_ai_positive_aptitude_impact_value = 25
carnx_ai_negative_aptitude_impact_value = -25
carnx_ai_positive_cs_impact_value = 3
carnx_ai_negative_cs_impact_value = -3
carnx_ai_negative_employed_impact_value = -25
carnx_ai_positive_claims_impact_value = 25
carnx_ai_negative_claims_impact_value = -25
carnx_ai_positive_attraction_impact_value = 25
carnx_ai_negative_attraction_impact_value = -25
carnx_ai_positive_female_impact_value = 20
carnx_ai_negative_female_impact_value = -20
carnx_ai_positive_age_impact_value = 10
carnx_ai_negative_age_impact_value = -10
carnx_ai_positive_price_impact_value = 10
carnx_ai_negative_price_impact_value = -10
carnx_ai_positive_wealth_impact_value = 10
carnx_ai_negative_wealth_impact_value = -10

# AI impact halved values
carnx_ai_positive_skill_impact_halved_value = 2
carnx_ai_negative_skill_impact_halved_value = -2
carnx_ai_positive_prowess_impact_halved_value = 1
carnx_ai_negative_prowess_impact_halved_value = -1
carnx_ai_positive_aptitude_impact_halved_value = 12
carnx_ai_negative_aptitude_impact_halved_value = -12
carnx_ai_positive_cs_impact_halved_value = 1
carnx_ai_negative_cs_impact_halved_value = -1
carnx_ai_negative_employed_impact_halved_value = -12
carnx_ai_positive_claims_impact_halved_value = 12
carnx_ai_negative_claims_impact_halved_value = -12
carnx_ai_positive_attraction_impact_halved_value = 12
carnx_ai_negative_attraction_impact_halved_value = -12
carnx_ai_positive_female_impact_halved_value = 10
carnx_ai_negative_female_impact_halved_value = -10
carnx_ai_positive_age_impact_halved_value = 5
carnx_ai_negative_age_impact_halved_value = -5

# AI impact of religius doctrines values
carnx_ai_positive_crime_impact_value = 1000
carnx_ai_negative_crime_impact_value = -1000
carnx_ai_positive_shunned_impact_value = 50
carnx_ai_negative_shunned_impact_value = -50

# Multiplier for the opinion modifier affecting ai willingness to buy and sell slaves
carnx_buy_sell_slave_ai_opinion_multiplier = 0.1

# Multiplier for the slave base price
carnx_slave_base_price_multiplier = 0.75

# Multiplier for the opinion gain from gifting a slave
carnx_gift_slave_opinion_multiplier = 1.2

# Enslave interaction dread gain
carnx_enslave_minor_dread_gain = 2
carnx_enslave_medium_dread_gain = 5
carnx_enslave_major_dread_gain = 10
carnx_enslave_massive_dread_gain = 15

# Free slave interaction dread loss
carnx_free_slave_dread_loss = -5

# Enslave interaction tyranny gain (halved for character of no particular importance)
carnx_enslave_basic_tyranny_gain = 10

# Slave price multipliers for the player to limit exploits
carnx_slave_ask_price_player_multiplier = 1.2
carnx_slave_bid_price_player_multiplier = 0.8

# Multiplier for the court position salary if held by a slave
carnx_court_position_slave_salary_multiplier = 0.25

# Skill threshold
carnx_default_skill_threshold = decent_skill_rating

# Aptitude thresholds
carnx_court_physician_aptitude_threshold = poor_effectiveness
carnx_antiquarian_aptitude_threshold = poor_effectiveness
carnx_court_gardener_aptitude_threshold = poor_effectiveness
carnx_court_tutor_aptitude_threshold = average_effectiveness
carnx_food_taster_aptitude_threshold = average_effectiveness
carnx_seneschal_aptitude_threshold = average_effectiveness
carnx_cupbearer_aptitude_threshold = average_effectiveness
carnx_chief_eunuch_aptitude_threshold = average_effectiveness
carnx_court_jester_aptitude_threshold = poor_effectiveness
carnx_court_poet_aptitude_threshold = average_effectiveness
carnx_court_musician_aptitude_threshold = poor_effectiveness
carnx_bodyguard_aptitude_threshold = average_effectiveness
carnx_champion_aptitude_threshold = average_effectiveness
carnx_executioner_aptitude_threshold = average_effectiveness
carnx_slave_concubine_aptitude_threshold = poor_effectiveness
carnx_slave_captain_aptitude_threshold = average_effectiveness
carnx_slave_eunuch_aptitude_threshold = poor_effectiveness

# Capture and enslavement chances
carnx_base_raid_capture_chance = 20
carnx_base_raid_mark_for_enslavement_chance = 50
carnx_base_siege_mark_for_enslavement_chance = 0

# Slave price thresholds
carnx_desirable_for_capture_slave_price_threshold = 15

# Age min and max values
carnx_prime_age_min_value = 16
carnx_prime_age_max_value = 30
carnx_young_zero_age_value = 0
carnx_old_zero_age_value = 60

# Female chance when creating slave characters
carnx_create_character_female_chance = 75

# slave.0001 event chance for "none" option
carnx_slave_0001_none_option_ai_chance = 1

# slave.0003 event challenge multiplier
carnx_slave_0003_challenge_multiplier = 1.5

# Pregnancy chances
carnx_slave_pregnancy_chance = 10
